No spaces around = for kwargs (#11)
jrevels/YASGuide: README.md

Note that lines containing only comments are not considered empty lines.

- All files should have [newline](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newline) character at the end of the file.
- Use spaces around binary operators (e.g. `x+y` is bad, `x + y` is good). The exceptions are:
  * Within type parameter lists, where no spaces should surround `<:` (only within type parameter lists, though - outside of a type parameter list, spaces should surround `<:` when it is used as a binary operator), and

>   * Around `=` for keyword arguments, as this provides easy visual differentiates between keyword arguments in function signatures that span multiple lines and variable assignments.

Reviewer: > as this provides easy visual differentiates

😛

>   * Around `=` for keyword arguments, as this provides easy visual differentiation between keyword arguments in function signatures and calls that span multiple lines and variable assignments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Around `=` for keyword arguments and `NamedTuple` arguments. This provides easy visual differentiation between keyword/`NamedTuple` arguments and calls that span multiple lines and variable assignments.
```
